What's going on, tell me clearly.
This young lady is already pregnant
And it's been eight weeks.
8 weeks
How could it be 8 weeks?
Shuyu, are you hiding something from your mother?
You are indeed pregnant now
And the baby is 8 weeks old
What the hell is going on?
The night at the hotel
It is warm to be with Lu Qinghan
Just happened to be knocked down by me
Why did I tell me earlier about something like you?
This child must be removed
Yes
You bitch
If I hadn't been careful
Bring you back for inspection
I didn't know you dared to secretly get pregnant behind our backs
You want to give birth to the seeds of you and Lu Xinhan
Then threaten us to spray knives and make shit
dream
Tie them to the operating table
Killed a little bastard
Come on, bitch. Run
Master goes to Nanjiang Villa
Madam, he went to the villa in Nanjiang
Never let him go to Lu Qinghan
If Lu Qinghan knew about my ladder
Do you still need to get pregnant?
Then home is over
Messi
I know you are also looking for someone to be with your mother
It's a pretty good match.
I can help you.
As long as you promise me to abort the child
Keep this secret
I promise.
Your mother will be ready for surgery in a week
master
Turn around and go back.
I have to work hard on myself and the video.
Make sure you can find Shengyuan within a week
Schedule our new surgery
OK
The doctor doesn't need to give him anesthesia
Since he is so reluctant to part with his flesh and blood
Just let them stay a few more seconds
Let him feel it
The pain of separation